### Brainstorm

- I'm wanting to work with an idea that is relevant, if not intrinsic, to the internet/web/computer/digital space. There has to be a solid reason for WHY this piece of work will be made as digital literature. It has to not work as print literature, it has to be exclusively suitable to a digital medium.
- Online chat forums between a range of characters could work, where the reader takes the identity of the protagonist and they chat to a variety of personalities. Or perhaps they're chatting to just one other person, and the reader themself takes on the identity of a range of different personalitities - kind of like catfishing. 
- Creating a catfish story could be really interesting, especially as catfishing is something that plays out exclusively online, so making a digital story about someone being catfished not only makes sense but the mode would benefit the story's effect. Telling the story of a catfishing scandal from the perspective of a catfish would also be super interesting, as these stories are often told from the victim's perspective. Could have a pretty emotionally uncomfortable effect on the user to have to assume the role of a catfish - a morally bad thing.
- I've been pretty inspired by a lot of the e-literature works we've been looking at in class that were made in the late '90s and early 2000s. The aesthetic of the time feels very early-tech, unpolished, DIY, pixelated, cool. Also the idea that these stories were being written and created using a technology that was still in its infancy is really fascinating. Even if it was only twenty or so years ago, there's an immense novelty to the idea that people were still trying to figure out how to use the internet, and what the potential of it was for creativity.
- This reminds me a lot of the Y2K bug. As a Gen Z person in my early twenties (born in 1999), I haven't lived in a world pre-internet. From early primary school, we had a home desktop computer in our house. I distinctively remember learning to handwrite and writing the letters as I knew them from our computer's keyobard to the teacher's dismay. Although the internet in a lot of ways feels as scary and powerful as ever, the accessibility to it and normalcy of almost everyone using it has taken away some of that naive fear of the unknown in the way I imagine people in 1999 felt it. The idea that all the computers in world would suddenly stop working because people weren't sure if they could handle the calendar year ticking over from 1999 to 2000 and that there might've been some sort of computer apocalypse feels kind of hilarious to me.  
- I'm leaning toward this idea. Maybe the story could be that the user/protagonist is charged with having to fix the Y2K bug before the clock runs out and the year 2000 begins - but with science fiction elements of a computer apocalyse. Tech sci-fi perhaps, with melodramatic escaltions of computers turning on the humans and what not. This will be a VERY HEAVILY fictionalised story of the Y2K bug, I'm less interested in going into the technicalities of what actually happened to the computers, more interested in re-appropriating the idea of computers taking over due to the mere event of the calendar changing.
- Resoures/inspiration: The Y2K Bug episode of podcast You're Wrong About, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2000_problem,
- The fact that the story is going to be set in the last minutes of 1999, some iconicly 90's/early 2000s stuff could really make the story interesting, anchoring it in its temporal significance.
